README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update the toolbar and add icons

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).



## Usage


### Images
All images in the public/images/dinos folder are images of the (stickers found on the official Paleo Pines shop)[
https://paleopines.myshopify.com/collections/stickers] that I edited to make the backgrounds transparent.
All images in the other subfolders of public/images were created by me by editing in-game screenshots.
I do not own these images; all rights belong to Italic Pig/Maximum Entertainment/the sticker artists.

The exception is public/images/Dreamstone.png, which I drew by tracing a screenshot of a dreamstone found on the (wiki)[https://paleo-pines.fandom.com/wiki/Dreamstone] in a smiliar style to the stickers.



### Licensing

SVGs located in the public/svgrepo folder are from svgrepo.com and are distributed under the following licence:
https://www.svgrepo.com/page/licensing/#CC%20Attribution

Zoom icons:
https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/522346/zoom-in
https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/522350/zoom-out
